100DaysofCode
Tracking my own progress as I go through #100DaysofCode

Weekly report

WEEK 0+1

Sunday march 25th:

First day out of 100. I have been busy all day, doing errands in the morning, and hanging out with my parent in the afternoon, and I almost postponed getting started untill tomorrow, but luckily I participated in the CodeNewbie twitterchat this morning while I was getting groceries, and something about having set out loud that I was gonna start today made me feel accountable. So this evening I have been looking at a couple different learning platforms, and decided to do a quick exercise from exercism.io I wrote the shortest working version of the Bob project that I could. It is no masterpiece, but I have started, and that is really half the battle (finishing is the other half, I guess) Either way, here we go. 1 down, 99 to come

Monday March 26th:

So many interesting things to do, so hard to choose what to do. Struggling to not do too many things a little bit, but finding a focus and sticking with it. Today I did a little bit of the command line tutorial, but it was focused on Linux environments, and I didn't feel like setting up a virtual machine, so I abandoned it. I solved the leap year problem from exercism.io and got to practice working with try and except - sidenote: I usually like the readability and "Englishness" of Python, but I do feel like the try, catch throw semantics of C++ seems a little more "natural" to me, although the struggle of having to catch the errors, seemed to be simpler in Python. I started the morning out with a couple video lessons from the courses machine learning course, and also finished my evening that way. Also, language sidenote: why do we say zero pointS, one point, two points. How come zero items have a plural ending?

Tuesday, March 27th:

Squeezed in a little bit of code at the end of a long day at warner bros studio, Hollywood and BBQ'ING with parents and Stuart. Worked on the robot_name exercise from exercism.io. Didn't go as fast at smooth as the others, but I'm chalking it up to being super tired. However, maybe I should do some work on learning a bit more pythonian Python, I have a sense that I might be a little to "brute force" dependent at this point.

Wednesday, March 28th (later update):
Started working on the robotname exercise from exercism.io pretty late at night. New I wasn't in the best mindset to work, and was getting frustrated by the fact that I could solve the problem, but only in a manner that felt very hacky and brute. Made me realize a focus area should be learning to write pythonian code, rather than just code. Watched video on topic, and will dedicate week 2 to this topic

Thursday-Saturday March 29th-March 31st (later update):
Weekend in San Diego with Parental Units, not much coding, but fun to have family play my hangman game. Did work a little on idea of barometer to measure #100daysofcode progress, but untill further notice, that project will be dormant (mainly because it is a front-end heavy project, and that does not lie within my initial priorities)

Sunday, April 1st
#Codenewbie twitterchat on Sunday was a success and I felt very motivated. Have created a rough plan for the remaining 93 days, and will be revising it every Sunday, after the twitterchat. Will try to include it on the page, when I publish this text. Will also be planning on attending the monday meetups for PyLadies in CulverCity, as of week 3, when the parental unit has gone home.
Was close to "reset" my 100 days because I felt that I hadn't done enough during the weekend, but realized that it is such a mindset that will block me from ever accomplishing anything, setting up goals, and then rather than adjusting when I don't meet my expectations, then annulling all the progress I have already made, to start over and be perfect. I decided that these last few days absolutely counts, and that I could be proud of having kept to it when I did, and be happy that I kept myelf on the path by listening to podcast and reading articles on relevant topics even on days where I did not code.
I finally downloaded the exercism CLI, and after cleaning and commenting my code for the leap excercise I submitted it. Looking forward to see which type of feedback I will receive.
Onwards and upwards!

Check this out:

Get familiar with the command line (https://www.learnenough.com/command-line-tutorial)

Develop add-ons for google docs, Long term goal (https://developers.google.com/apps-script/add-ons/)
